Slides Liber Abaci 2024 (#58)
coq/platform-docs: ressources/LiberAbaci24/slides_LiberAbaci24.tex

  %   \begin{enumerate}
  %     \item Tutorials enables users to discover and learn new features on their own
  %     \item Tutorials enables users to become more experts on complex features
  %     \item How to guides enables users to step from learning to doing
  %     \item How-to guides enables users and to confront themselves
  %           to real life examples when working on projects
  %   \end{enumerate}
  % \end{tcbProp}
\end{frame}

\begin{frame}{It is important for Teaching}
  \begin{tcbProp}{When Teaching}
    \begin{enumerate}
      \item<1-> A lot about Coq is pratical knowledge and can be subtle
      \item<2-> It is not possible to be behind every student helping them
      \item<3-> You cannot teach everything in a 24h/48h class:
      \onslide<4->{
      \begin{itemize}[label=$-$]
        \item There are too much features, or too many aspects to discuss
        \item Some features are too advanced, or too technical to discuss
      \end{itemize}}
    \end{enumerate}
  \end{tcbProp}
  \onslide<5->
  \begin{tcbSol}{Action-oriented Documentation}
    % Action-oriented documentation enables to continue the class outside of class
    \begin{enumerate}

>       \item<5-> Tutorials enables students to check and completement their knowledge

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      \item<5-> Tutorials enable students to check and complement their knowledge
```

Maybe even better:
```suggestion
      \item<5-> Tutorials enable students to check and expand their knowledge
```

            through learning content and examples

>       \item<6-> How-to guides provides students with pratical examples helping them

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      \item<6-> How-to guides provide students with practical examples helping them
```

    \item<5-> It helps getting new users, and getting them more experts
    \item<6-> It enables us to put forward and promote good practices
    \item<7-> Writing documentation forces us to do stuff right (no cheating)
    % \item<8-> Experts have features they want to learn too
  \end{enumerate}
\end{tcbProp}
\end{frame}

\subsection{The Project}

\begin{frame}{Presentation}
  \begin{tcbObj}{Coq Platform Docs}
    \begin{enumerate}
      \item<1-> Each feature and plugin of Coq and its platform would have one
            or several \ul{interactive tutorials and how-to guides}
      \item<2-> It would be \ul{indexed on the Coq Platform} to be easy to use
      \item<3-> Possible to extend with explanations or learning games
    \end{enumerate}
  \end{tcbObj}
  \onslide<4->
  \begin{tcbObj}{Interactive Web interface}
    \begin{enumerate}
      \item<5-> It would be \ul{accessible online, interactively,} e.g., using JsCoq
      \item<6-> It should be \ul{part of Rocq's new website}
    \end{enumerate}
  \end{tcbObj}
\end{frame}

\begin{frame}{Advantages of such a project}
  \begin{tcbSol}{Advantages for users}
    \begin{enumerate}

>       \item<1-> Coq is an interactive et practical software, it \ul{needs} an

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      \item<1-> Coq is an interactive and practical software, it \ul{needs} an
```

  \end{center}
\end{frame}

\subsection{Contributing}

% \subsection{Contributing to the documentation}

\begin{frame}{Contributing}
  \begin{tcbObj}{Everyone can help}
    \begin{enumerate}
      \item<1-> \ul{Everyone can contribute} whatever their expertise !
      \item<2-> \ul{Both} experts and casual users' opinions are valuable !
    \end{enumerate}
  \end{tcbObj}
  \onslide<3->
  \begin{tcbProp}{Contributing}
    There are \ul{many ways} to contribute:
    \begin{enumerate}
      \item<3-> Give feedbacks on existing tutoand how-to, or wishes on
      \textcolor{blue}{\href{https://www.theozimmermann.net/platform-docs/}{zulip}}
      \item<4-> Answer questions, and share knowledge and folklore on
      \textcolor{blue}{\href{https://www.theozimmermann.net/platform-docs/}{zulip}}
      \item<5-> Write tutorials and how-to guides, or write PR to improve them
      \item<6-> Help reviewing tutorials and how-to guides
      \item<7-> Help setting up the repo, or the web-interface
    \end{enumerate}
  \end{tcbProp}
\end{frame}

\begin{frame}{Documenting Project and Plugins}
  \begin{tcbProp}{Develop the documentation modularly}

>     For each projet or plugins, we would like to set up:
>     \begin{enumerate}
>       \item<2-> Set up a reviewer term with dev / maintainer / advanced users
>       \item<2-> Set up a project and open issues so that people can contribute

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    For each projet or plugins, we would like to set up:
    \begin{enumerate}
      \item<2-> a reviewer team with dev / maintainer / advanced users
      \item<2-> a project and open issues so that people can contribute
```

or:
```suggestion
    For each projet or plugins, we would like to:
    \begin{enumerate}
      \item<2-> Set up a reviewer team with dev / maintainer / advanced users
      \item<2-> Set up a project and open issues so that people can contribute
```
